# Restaurant Customers

**Problem Statement:** A restaurant owner has recorded the arrival and departure times of customers visiting the restaurant. Each customer is represented by a pair of integers: the arrival time and the departure time. The owner wants to know the maximum number of customers present in the restaurant simultaneously.

## Input
The input consists of two lines:
- The first line contains an integer n (1 <= n <= 2 X 10^5), the number of customers.
- The next \(n\) lines contain two space-separated integers each: the arrival time and departure time of each customer. The arrival and departure times are non-negative integers not exceeding \(10^9\), and the arrival time of each customer is less than its corresponding departure time.

## Output
Print the maximum number of customers present in the restaurant simultaneously.

## Examples

**Input:**
```
3
5 8
2 4
3 6
```

**Output:**
```
3
```

**Input:**
```
5
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 5
5 6
```

**Output:**
```
1
```

## Approach

### 1. Sorting and Counting

**Algorithm / Intuition:**
1. Put the arrival and departure times in a different array.
2. sort the array
3. Initialize variables `count` and `max_count` to 0.
4. Iterate through the sorted array:
   - If it's an arrival time, increment `count`.
   - If it's a departure time, decrement `count`.
   - Update `max_count` as the maximum of `max_count` and `count`.
5. Return `max_count`.

#### Code (cpp)

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

int main() {
    int n; cin>>n;
    int count=0;
    vector<vector<int>> v;
    for (int i=0; i<n; ++i){
        int a,b; cin>>a>>b;
        v.push_back({a,1});
        v.push_back({b,0});
    }
    int maxcount=0;
    sort(v.begin(),v.end());
    for (int i=0;i<2*n;++i){
        if (v[i][1]) {
            count++;
        }
        else count--;
        maxcount=max(count,maxcount);
        
    }
    cout<<maxcount<<"\n";

    return 0;
}

```

**Complexity Analysis:**
- Time complexity: O(n log n) due to sorting
- Space complexity: O(n)
